Blessed are you whose worthiness gives scope
Being had to triumph being lacked to hope

So till the judgement that yourself arise
You live in this and dwell in lovers' eyes

Tir'd with all these from these would I be gone
Save that, to die I leave my love alone

You still shall live such virtue hath my pen
Where breath most breathes even in the mouths of men

How like Eve's apple doth thy beauty grow
If thy sweet virtue answer not thy show

A little learning is a dangerous thing
Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring

Be not the first by whom the new are tried
Nor yet the last to lay the old aside

Be thou the first true merit to befriend
His praise is lost who stays till all commend

Good nature and good sense must ever join
To err is human to forgive divine

Hope springs eternal in the human breast
Man never is but always to be blest

’Tis education forms the common mind
Just as the twig is bent the tree’s inclined

Take this kiss upon the brow
And, in parting from you now

You are not wrong who deem
That my days have been a dream

Yet if hope has flown away
In a night or in a day

In a vision, or in none
Is it therefore the less gone

All that we see or seem
Is but a dream within a dream

I stand amid the roar
Of a surf-tormented shore

And I hold within my hand
Grains of the golden sand

How few yet how they creep
Through my fingers to the deep
While I weep while I weep

O God can I not grasp
Them with a tighter clasp

O God can I not save
One from the pitiless wave

Is all that we see or seem
But a dream within a dream


Oh that my young life were a lasting dream
My spirit not awakening till the beam

Of an Eternity should bring the morrow
Yes tho' that long dream were of hopeless sorrow

And hath been still, upon the lovely earth
A chaos of deep passion, from his birth


In my young boyhood should it thus be given
Twere folly still to hope for higher Heaven

For I have revell'd, when the sun was bright
I' the summer sky in dreams of living light

And loveliness have left my very heart"
In climes of my imagining, apart

From mine own home with beings that have been
Of mine own thought what more could I have seen

Twas once- and only once and the wild hour
From my remembrance shall not pass some power

Or spell had bound me 'twas the chilly wind
Came o'er me in the night, and left behind

Its image on my spirit or the moon
Shone on my slumbers in her lofty noon

Too coldly or the stars howe'er it was
That dream was as that night wind let it pass

I have been happy, tho' in a dream
I have been happy- and I love the theme

Dreams in their vivid coloring of life
As in that fleeting, shadowy misty strife

Of semblance with reality which brings
To the delirious eye, more lovely things

Of Paradise and Love and all our own
Than young Hope in his sunniest hour hath known

Romance who loves to nod and sing
With drowsy head and folded wing

Among the green leaves as they shake
Far down within some shadowy lake

While in the wild wood I did lie
A child—with a most knowing eye

She was a little tense
The notice made no sense

I saw a little hermit crab
His coloring was oh so drab

It’s hard to see the butterfly
Because he flies across the sky

Hear the honking of the goose
I think he’s angry at the moose

His red sports car is just a dream
It needs no gas, it runs on steam

The children like the ocean shore
We want to leave but they want more

I made the cookies one by one
I hear the bell, so they are done

My cat, she likes to chase a mouse,
Especially one that’s in the house

Lightening, thunder, all around
Soon the rain falls on the ground

I tire of writing poems and rhyme
I think I need vacation time

every inch and every corner of my country's land narrate a story
they tell the epic of brave women and men who fought for Algeria's glory

Hush little baby don’t you cry
Mama’s gonna sing you a lullaby

Twinkle twinkle little star
How I wonder what you are

The best part of waking up
is Folgers in your cup

There was a time in my demented youth
When somehow I suspected that the truth

About survival after death was known
170 To every human being I alone

Knew nothing and a great conspiracy
Of books and people hid the truth from me

So long as men can breathe or eyes can see
So long lives this and this gives life to thee

Here lies my wife here let her lie
Now she’s at rest and so am I

And yet, by heaven I think my love as rare
As any she belied with false compare

When spring comes round with her magical wand
And waves it over every field and pond

I saw a little blue bird
I didn't even say a word

Little Boy Blue come blow your horn
The sheep's in the meadow the cow in the corn

Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall

My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.

Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.

Let me help you with your baggage.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.

She did her best to help him.
The lake is a long way from here.

He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.

The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.

Where do random thoughts come from?
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.

I am never at home on Sundays.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.

It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Tom got a small piece of pie.

Two seats were vacant.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.

Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.

I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Christmas is coming.

Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.

She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.

She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.

I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.

Where do random thoughts come from?
I am never at home on Sundays.

Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.

The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.

This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.

I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Please wait outside of the house.

I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.

Whatever concluded keystroke riots next to the crunch.
Nelson murdered a salamander joyously.

The ice cream sundae preferred a floor.
A blue rodent walked underneath the floor.

The lynx violated a chair.
An elephant angrily destroyed an iPad.

The lady hobbled beside the clock.
Harry strolled in a floor.

A lego man walked into a computer.
A botanist preferred a sea cucmber stupidly.

The orange rescued the hilarious squid.
The egg licked a dog.

A livid trumpet player decimated a squid.
A lego man zoomed around an escalator.

Alexandra avoided an ice cream sundae stupidly.
A milkshake carefully stroked a grad student.

The doctor patted an orangatan.
The tour guide skipped across a telephone.

Fletchor tiptoed aboard the Mini Cooper.
The sleepy tiger ran by a wheelbarrow.

Gary danced aboard a toilet.
The bear caressed the generous staircase.

The purple mule slapped a rock intentionally.
The lawyer climbed toward a road.

A purple unicorn ate an enraged clown.
A dumb child climbed into a chair.

The discombobulated goat bounced to the window.
The hilarious praying mantis ruined a hamster.

Remember, you can't smoke coffee because you don't have that special kind
of applesauce that you can put on squirrels without bothering them

I loved a snowman in an elevator because that's the way the cookie crumbles.
I loved my brother in my car because I can.

I jumped on a surfer in a swimming pool because I'm sexy and I know it.
I yelled at a monster in an elevator because the voices told me to.

I danced with your mom at the dinner table because I had an epiphany.
I smelled a surfer in a swimming pool because I'm really not on drugs!

The sand installs the curve.
The rate defends the back.

Nothing of importance ever stuns the onlooker.
Wondrous awe sickens me.

Insignificance loves a good joke!
An idea would die for a grapefruit!

The other side sickens me.
A river a thousand paces wide is not all that great.

A principal idea asked you a question?
Spam says hello.

Tomorrow is often pregnant.
The sky revels in authority.

Nothing of importance shoots pineapples with a machinegun.
Lonely Henry is a storyteller without equal.

A caring mother is good for you.
A river a thousand paces wide sees the sun.

Love is often pregnant.
Utter nonsense brings both pleasure and pain.

Very often a colony of musty bakers and eight confident butches rapidly penetrated the radiant clot with blenders
Quite often a chain of wide cadgers and nine hungry tailors poorly shot at the horrible logger with cutters

Yearly a team of melted oryxes and six fantastic woodpeckers mysteriously conducted the gorgeous dove with squeegees
Every year a coterie of protective fitchews and two gigantic tortfeasors powerfully scared the globular quagga with safety glasses

Time after time a coterie of aggressive birds and four icy yaks carelessly hoisted the deceitful dreamer with teapots
Once a year a swarm of testy swallows and nine ghoulish culprits gracefully gestured the strong bird with brushes

Every week a tribe	of sniffy doctors and
six nasty monks gently abused the fabulous gnu with a vise

Once a year a chain of burning dunces and five
big scums beautifully trounced the bland salesman with knives

Once a fortnight a chain of hideous sheep and five smiling
hellhounds inadequately gouged the emotional harlequin with a workbench

Hourly a brood of thoughtful
porpoises and two miniature shams fondly rallied the patchy burro with beaters

Many times a cartload of unsociable duckbills and eight wide guzzlers
hurriedly prodded the fancy ninny with staples

Many writers point out that there hasn’t been enough research on the subject
As long as we haven’t cured cancer it’s hard to get grants to study dirty words

Something to note here is that the word appeared in a legal document
or a long time fuck was not considered especially vile

To appreciate the improvements, you’ve got to understand where things stood before.
The first image below is how this section of the Play Store looked prior to the big refresh.

No more.
Just look at the beautiful progress we’ve made in the right screenshot.

Last used is a really really smart way of listing apps.
As you scroll down you start seeing the apps you haven’t opened in a week or two or three or six.
